

---

Page: https://docs.beagleboard.org/intro/beagle101/

  * [ __](../../index.html)
  * [Introduction](../index.html)
  * An Introduction to Beagles

# An Introduction to Beagles#

The most common path to using a Beagle is to use a body of open source
software. The primary open source targets supported by the BeagleBoard.org
community are:

  * Getting started with Linux and

  * Getting started with Zephyr.

Many other paths are possible, but, if you donât already have a path, these
are the ones to typically go down.

If you are new to embedded systems in general, you might consider starting at:

  * Getting started with embedded systems

## Getting started with Linux#

Most Beagles have on-board flash preconfigured to run Linux. These resources
will get you started quickly.

### Linux Basics#

  * Get started at [Blink an LED](blinkLED.html#blinkled).

  * Learn to reset a board back to factory defaults and dive a bit deeper into the IDE at [Getting Started Guide](../support/getting-started.html#beagleboard-getting-started).

  * Learn a bit about Linux at [Introduction to Linux](linux.html#intro-linux).

  * Learn about accessories at [Accessories](../../accessories/index.html#accessories-home)

  * Learn about using 3rd party I2C add-on boards at [QWIIC, STEMMA and Grove Add-ons in Linux](qwiic-stemma-grove-addons.html#qwiic-stemma-grove-addons).

  * Learn about using mikroBUS add-on boards at [Using mikroBUS](../../boards/beagleplay/demos-and-tutorials/using-mikrobus.html#beagleplay-mikrobus).

  * Learn about using Cape add-on boards at [Capes](../../boards/capes/index.html#capes).

  * Learn about device tree at [Introduction to Device Tree](device-tree.html#intro-device-tree).

  * Read [BeagleBone Cookbook](../../books/beaglebone-cookbook/index.html#bone-cook-book-home).

  * Read [PRU Cookbook](../../books/pru-cookbook/index.html#pru-cookbook-home).

  * Find more books at <https://www.beagleboard.org/books>.

### More on Linux#

  * [Introduction to Buildroot](buildroot.html#intro-buildroot)

  * [Introduction to Debian](debian.html#intro-debian)

## Getting started with Zephyr#

Our Zephyr-enabled boards ship with a build of Micropython and, in the future,
will also ship with a BeagleConnect Greybus node service for quick,
transparent access from any BeagleConnect Greybus host enabled system.

### Zephyr Basics#

  * Learn a bit about Zephyr at [Introduction to Zephyr RTOS](zephyr.html#intro-zephyr)

  * See [Using Micropython](../../boards/beagleconnect/freedom/demos-and-tutorials/using-micropython.html#beagleconnect-freedom-using-micropython) to get started quickly.

  * See [Using Zephyr](../../boards/beagleconnect/freedom/demos-and-tutorials/using-zephyr.html#beagleconnect-freedom-using-zephyr) to learn to setup the Zephyr SDK.

  * See [Overview](../../projects/beagleconnect/introduction.html#beagleconnect-overview) to learn about BeagleConnect Greybus.

## Getting started with embedded systems#

An embedded system is a computer designed not to look like a computer. That
is, it is designed to work like an applicance, doing what you need when you
need it, rather than sitting around trying to get your attention and begging
to be told what to do.

An embedded system is built around a computer, but adds additional sensors and
actuators to do a task, like make toast or get you to work on time along using
the freeway. We donât typically call these things computers. Instead, we
call them âtoastersâ or âcarsâ. At the heart of these machines is
often a programmable computer, though it might not be programmable by _you_.

At BeagleBoard.org, we seek to enable you to make embedded systems of your
own, rather than relying on other people to make them for you. You could call
it DIY, or do-it-yourself, but the reality is more DIT, or do-it-together. The
skills and tools to build an embedded system are very complicated and the
fundamental manufacturing tools are very expensive, so we need to work
together to build even the simplest of embedded systems.

Of course, there is nothing wrong with building a dumb toaster, it might even
be preferred. However, if you are building a smart toaster, you might want it
to obey you, rather than someone 50,000 km away.

### Embedded Systems Basics#

Here are some basic skills to building an embedded system:

  * [Introduction to C](c.html#intro-c)

  * [Introduction to Assembly Programming](assembly.html#intro-assembly)

  * [Introduction to Verilog](verilog.html#intro-verilog)

### More on Embedded Systems#

Here are some more advanced topics around building an embedded system:

  * [Introduction to Field Programmable Gate Arrays (FPGAs)](fpga.html#intro-fpga)

  * [Introduction to Verification](verification.html#intro-verification)

  * [Introduction to Arm](arm.html#intro-arm)

  * [Introduction to RISC-V](riscv.html#intro-riscv)

  * [Introduction to Wireless Communications](wireless-communications.html#intro-wireless-communications)

[ __ previous Introduction ](../index.html "previous page") [ next Blink an
LED __](blinkLED.html "next page")

Outstanding todo items

##### Outstanding todo items

__On this page

  * Getting started with Linux
    * Linux Basics
    * More on Linux
  * Getting started with Zephyr
    * Zephyr Basics
  * Getting started with embedded systems
    * Embedded Systems Basics
    * More on Embedded Systems

[ __Edit on
OpenBeagle](https://openbeagle.org/docs/docs.beagleboard.io/-/edit/main/intro/beagle101/index.rst)

[ __Show Source](../../_sources/intro/beagle101/index.rst)

__Provide Feedback

##### Feedback

__Issue __Feedback __Idea

Clear & Close [ __Generate OpenBeagle Issue](javascript:void\(0\);)

[ __Discuss on Forum](https://forum.beagleboard.org)

[BeagleBoard.org](https://www.beagleboard.org/) is all about being open,
please discuss in public on our [forum](https://forum.beagleboard.org)!



---

Page: https://docs.beagleboard.org/index.html

# BeagleBoard Documentation#

![_images/banner.webp](_images/banner.webp)

Welcome to the [BeagleBoard project
documentation](https://git.beagleboard.org/docs/docs.beagleboard.io). If you
are looking for help with your Beagle open-hardware development platform,
youâve found the right place!

## Introduction#

Get started quickly on our Linux-enabled boards with [Blink an
LED](intro/beagle101/blinkLED.html#blinkled), follow-up with articles in [An
Introduction to Beagles](intro/beagle101/index.html#intro-beagle-101), and
reach out via resources on our [Support](intro/support/index.html#support)
page as needed to resolve issues and engage with the developer community.
Donât forget that this is an open-source project! Your contributions are
welcome. Learn about how to contribute to the BeagleBoard documentation
project and any of the many open-source Beagle projects ongoing on our
[Contribution](intro/contribution/index.html#contribution) page.

  * Get started quickly at [Blink an LED](intro/beagle101/blinkLED.html#blinkled).

  * Go a bit deaper at [An Introduction to Beagles](intro/beagle101/index.html#intro-beagle-101).

  * Read the book at [BeagleBone Cookbook](books/beaglebone-cookbook/index.html#bone-cook-book-home).

  * Get help from the community at [Support](intro/support/index.html#support).

  * Learn how to contribute to the project at [Contribution](intro/contribution/index.html#contribution).

## Boards#

This is where you will find the System Reference Manuals (SRMs) for all of the
boards.

All Beagles are [open-hardware](https://www.oshwa.org/definition/) with
documentation on the design, including the
[materials](https://git.beagleboard.org/explore/projects/topics/boards) to
modify the designs from source using appropriate design tools.

  * Check out our easy-to-use Linux-based board at: [BeaglePlay](boards/beagleplay/index.html#beagleplay-home)

  * Check out our highest performance (8 TOPs) board at: [BeagleBone AI-64](boards/beaglebone/ai-64/index.html#bbai64-home)

  * Check out our first Zephyr-based board at: [BeagleConnect Freedom](boards/beagleconnect/freedom/index.html#beagleconnect-freedom-home)

  * Find all of our boards at: [Boards](boards/index.html#boards)

**BeagleYÂ®-AI**

![_images/beagley-ai.webp](_images/beagley-ai.webp)

An industry standard form-factor 64-bit ARM computer with 4 TOPS AI engine and
integrated ARM Cortex-R5 for low-latency I/O tasks.

[](boards/beagley/ai/index.html#beagley-ai-home)

**BeaglePlayÂ®**

![_images/beagleplay.webp](_images/beagleplay.webp)

A 64-bit ARM computer designed to simplify physical world interactions to the
connected world.

[](boards/beagleplay/index.html#beagleplay-home)

**BeagleConnectâ¢ Freedom**

![_images/beagleconnect-freedom.webp](_images/beagleconnect-freedom.webp)

BeagleConnectâ¢ Freedom is based on a [TI Arm Cortex-M4 wireless-enabled
microcontroller](https://www.ti.com/product/CC1352P7) and is the first
available BeagleConnectâ¢ solution.

[](boards/beagleconnect/freedom/index.html#beagleconnect-freedom-home)

**BeagleBoneÂ® AI-64**

![_images/beaglebone-ai-64.webp](_images/beaglebone-ai-64.webp)

A complete 64-bit AI and Machine Learning System with the convenience and
expandability of the BeagleBoneÂ® platform with the peripherals on board to
get started right away learning and building applications.

[](boards/beaglebone/ai-64/index.html#bbai64-home)

**BeagleVÂ®-Fire**

![_images/beaglev-fire.webp](_images/beaglev-fire.webp)

Awesome quad-core RISC-V and _FPGA_ SBC with BeagleBone cape headers, PCIe
over M.2 and SYZYGY high-speed connector!

[](boards/beaglev/fire/index.html#beaglev-fire-home)

**BeagleVÂ®-Ahead**

![_images/beaglev-ahead.webp](_images/beaglev-ahead.webp)

High-performance quad-core RISC-V SBC with neural network and media
accelerators with BeagleBone cape headers, mikroBUS shuttle connector, 2x CSI
and DSI expansion.

[](boards/beaglev/ahead/index.html#beaglev-ahead-home)

**BeagleBoneÂ® Black**

![_images/beaglebone-black.webp](_images/beaglebone-black.webp)

1GHz Single-Board Linux Computer based on ARM Cortex-A8 with PRU
microcontrollers and tons of features like Ethernet and HDMI â credit card
sized with over a decade of support, software and materials behind it making
it ready for any application.

[](boards/beaglebone/black/index.html#beagleboneblack-home)

**BeagleBoneÂ® AI**

![_images/beaglebone-ai.webp](_images/beaglebone-ai.webp)

Filling the gap between small SBCs and more powerful industrial computers,
BeagleBoneÂ® AI, based on the AM5729, makes it easy to explore how artificial
intelligence can be used in every day life. Powerful compute performance and
software support.

[](boards/beaglebone/ai/index.html#bbai-home)

**PocketBeagleÂ®**

![_images/pocketbeagle.webp](_images/pocketbeagle.webp)

This ultra-tiny-yet-complete open-source USB-key-fob computer has the same
processor as the BeagleBoneÂ® Black at one third the size. Give small projects
the Linux computer they deserve. Hundreds of example projects to help you get
started.

[](boards/pocketbeagle/index.html#pocketbeagle-home)

**BeagleBoneÂ® Blue**

![_images/beaglebone-blue.webp](_images/beaglebone-blue.webp)

An all-in-one Linux-based robotics computer with compatibility to BeagleBoneÂ®
Black and tons of integration including Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, IMU/barometer, power
regulation, H-Bridges, motor connectors and more. Robotics made streamlined,
affordable and fun.

[](boards/beaglebone/blue/index.html#beaglebone-blue-home)

## Capes#

**BeagleBoneÂ® Servo Cape**

![_images/BeagleBoneServoCapeA2_Top_NEW-400x332.png](_images/BeagleBoneServoCapeA2_Top_NEW-400x332.png)

Control up to 16 servos for many remote control, robotics or automation
projects

**BeagleBoneÂ® Fan Cape**

![_images/fan-cape-400x299.png](_images/fan-cape-400x299.png)

Keeps BeagleBoneÂ® cool under heavy operating loads while still providing easy
access to the headers. Essential for BeagleBoneÂ® AI Projects

**BeagleBoneÂ® Robotics Cape**

![_images/BBB_RoboticsCape-400x368.png](_images/BBB_RoboticsCape-400x368.png)

Loaded with features needed for mobile robotics supporting movement, sensing,
power management and communication

**BeagleBoneÂ® Relay Cape**

![_images/BeagleBoneRelayCapeA2-400x274.png](_images/BeagleBoneRelayCapeA2-400x274.png)

Control things like lights, pumps and more in any home automation project
quickly with 4 relay switches

[](boards/capes/relay.html#bone-cape-relay)

**BeagleBoneÂ® Proto Cape**

![_images/BeagleBoneProtoCapeA2-e1622405187534.png](_images/BeagleBoneProtoCapeA2-e1622405187534.png)

Provides a blank slate including a grid of plated through-holes for external
components and supportive buttons and LEDs

**BeagleBoneÂ® Power Cape**

![_images/BeagleBonePowerCapeA2-400x285.png](_images/BeagleBonePowerCapeA2-400x285.png)

Provides a complete power interface with regulated 3.3V and 5V out as well as
up to 30V input voltage

**BeagleBoneÂ® Load Cape**

![_images/BeagleBoneLoadCapeA2-400x290.png](_images/BeagleBoneLoadCapeA2-400x290.png)

Drive high-current loads like relays, motors, solenoids, and high current LEDs

**BeagleBoneÂ® Motor Cape**

![_images/BeagleBoneMotorCapeA2-400x281.png](_images/BeagleBoneMotorCapeA2-400x281.png)

Drive up to 4 DC motors with direction and PWM control

**BeagleBoneÂ® Comms Cape**

![_images/BeagleBoneCommsCapeA2-400x279.png](_images/BeagleBoneCommsCapeA2-400x279.png)

Quickly develop industrial communication applications with an array of
protocols including RS485 and CAN

**BeagleBoneÂ® GamePup Cape**

![_images/PocketBeagle_GamePup-400x410.png](_images/PocketBeagle_GamePup-400x410.png)

For making a handheld arcade emulator, your own games or otherwise taking your
PocketBeagle on the go, PocketBeagleÂ® GamePup provides all the features you
need in a slick shape for gaming

**BeagleBoneÂ® Grove Kit**

![_images/pb-grove-kit-400x267.png](_images/pb-grove-kit-400x267.png)

A complete kit for developing projects with PocketBeagleÂ® and Grove modules.
Great for teaching embedded processing and Linux development. Comes complete
with PocketBeagleÂ® as well as Grove Cape and 10 modules to get started.

**BeagleBoneÂ® TechLab Cape**

![_images/PocketBeagle_TechLab-400x212.png](_images/PocketBeagle_TechLab-400x212.png)

Designed with years of educational lessons-learned in mind, PocketBeagleÂ®
TechLab Cape delivers easy introduction to programming, Linux and even hacking
the kernel itself. Supported by teaching materials from the Linux Foundation
and eALE.

## Projects#

A number of software projects, like
[simpPRU](projects/simppru/index.html#simppru-home) exist to help Beagle
developers. Some developers choose to host documentation for their
[Projects](projects/index.html#projects-home) here.

## Books#

This project hosts a collection of open-source [Books](books/index.html#books-
home) written to help Beagle developers.

  * Find a great introduction to BeagleBone at: [BeagleBone Cookbook](books/beaglebone-cookbook/index.html#bone-cook-book-home)

  * Learn one of the most amazing Beagle features at: [PRU Cookbook](books/pru-cookbook/index.html#pru-cookbook-home)

## Accessories#

This is a list of hardware accessories tested with BeagleBone hardware. The
list is growing with support of volunteers like you. Checkout the
[Accessories](accessories/index.html#accessories-home) page for more
information.

## Indices and tables#

  * [Glossary of Terms](glossary.html#glossary)

  * [Index](genindex.html)

[ next Introduction __](intro/index.html "next page")



---

Page: https://docs.beagleboard.org/blinkLED.html

  * [ __](/index.html)
  * Page Not Found (404)

# Page Loading....

Oops! The page you're looking for does not exist.

You can return to the [home page](/index.html).

If you believe this is a broken link, please let us know.

##### Page Moved - Redirecting

We have found the page you are looking for, redirecting in....

5

Cancel Redirect Now

Outstanding todo items

##### Outstanding todo items

__Provide Feedback

##### Feedback

__Issue __Feedback __Idea

Clear & Close [ __Generate OpenBeagle Issue](javascript:void\(0\);)

[ __Discuss on Forum](https://forum.beagleboard.org)

[BeagleBoard.org](https://www.beagleboard.org/) is all about being open,
please discuss in public on our [forum](https://forum.beagleboard.org)!



---

Page: https://docs.beagleboard.org/

# BeagleBoard Documentation#

![_images/banner.webp](_images/banner.webp)

Welcome to the [BeagleBoard project
documentation](https://git.beagleboard.org/docs/docs.beagleboard.io). If you
are looking for help with your Beagle open-hardware development platform,
youâve found the right place!

## Introduction#

Get started quickly on our Linux-enabled boards with [Blink an
LED](intro/beagle101/blinkLED.html#blinkled), follow-up with articles in [An
Introduction to Beagles](intro/beagle101/index.html#intro-beagle-101), and
reach out via resources on our [Support](intro/support/index.html#support)
page as needed to resolve issues and engage with the developer community.
Donât forget that this is an open-source project! Your contributions are
welcome. Learn about how to contribute to the BeagleBoard documentation
project and any of the many open-source Beagle projects ongoing on our
[Contribution](intro/contribution/index.html#contribution) page.

  * Get started quickly at [Blink an LED](intro/beagle101/blinkLED.html#blinkled).

  * Go a bit deaper at [An Introduction to Beagles](intro/beagle101/index.html#intro-beagle-101).

  * Read the book at [BeagleBone Cookbook](books/beaglebone-cookbook/index.html#bone-cook-book-home).

  * Get help from the community at [Support](intro/support/index.html#support).

  * Learn how to contribute to the project at [Contribution](intro/contribution/index.html#contribution).

## Boards#

This is where you will find the System Reference Manuals (SRMs) for all of the
boards.

All Beagles are [open-hardware](https://www.oshwa.org/definition/) with
documentation on the design, including the
[materials](https://git.beagleboard.org/explore/projects/topics/boards) to
modify the designs from source using appropriate design tools.

  * Check out our easy-to-use Linux-based board at: [BeaglePlay](boards/beagleplay/index.html#beagleplay-home)

  * Check out our highest performance (8 TOPs) board at: [BeagleBone AI-64](boards/beaglebone/ai-64/index.html#bbai64-home)

  * Check out our first Zephyr-based board at: [BeagleConnect Freedom](boards/beagleconnect/freedom/index.html#beagleconnect-freedom-home)

  * Find all of our boards at: [Boards](boards/index.html#boards)

**BeagleYÂ®-AI**

![_images/beagley-ai.webp](_images/beagley-ai.webp)

An industry standard form-factor 64-bit ARM computer with 4 TOPS AI engine and
integrated ARM Cortex-R5 for low-latency I/O tasks.

[](boards/beagley/ai/index.html#beagley-ai-home)

**BeaglePlayÂ®**

![_images/beagleplay.webp](_images/beagleplay.webp)

A 64-bit ARM computer designed to simplify physical world interactions to the
connected world.

[](boards/beagleplay/index.html#beagleplay-home)

**BeagleConnectâ¢ Freedom**

![_images/beagleconnect-freedom.webp](_images/beagleconnect-freedom.webp)

BeagleConnectâ¢ Freedom is based on a [TI Arm Cortex-M4 wireless-enabled
microcontroller](https://www.ti.com/product/CC1352P7) and is the first
available BeagleConnectâ¢ solution.

[](boards/beagleconnect/freedom/index.html#beagleconnect-freedom-home)

**BeagleBoneÂ® AI-64**

![_images/beaglebone-ai-64.webp](_images/beaglebone-ai-64.webp)

A complete 64-bit AI and Machine Learning System with the convenience and
expandability of the BeagleBoneÂ® platform with the peripherals on board to
get started right away learning and building applications.

[](boards/beaglebone/ai-64/index.html#bbai64-home)

**BeagleVÂ®-Fire**

![_images/beaglev-fire.webp](_images/beaglev-fire.webp)

Awesome quad-core RISC-V and _FPGA_ SBC with BeagleBone cape headers, PCIe
over M.2 and SYZYGY high-speed connector!

[](boards/beaglev/fire/index.html#beaglev-fire-home)

**BeagleVÂ®-Ahead**

![_images/beaglev-ahead.webp](_images/beaglev-ahead.webp)

High-performance quad-core RISC-V SBC with neural network and media
accelerators with BeagleBone cape headers, mikroBUS shuttle connector, 2x CSI
and DSI expansion.

[](boards/beaglev/ahead/index.html#beaglev-ahead-home)

**BeagleBoneÂ® Black**

![_images/beaglebone-black.webp](_images/beaglebone-black.webp)

1GHz Single-Board Linux Computer based on ARM Cortex-A8 with PRU
microcontrollers and tons of features like Ethernet and HDMI â credit card
sized with over a decade of support, software and materials behind it making
it ready for any application.

[](boards/beaglebone/black/index.html#beagleboneblack-home)

**BeagleBoneÂ® AI**

![_images/beaglebone-ai.webp](_images/beaglebone-ai.webp)

Filling the gap between small SBCs and more powerful industrial computers,
BeagleBoneÂ® AI, based on the AM5729, makes it easy to explore how artificial
intelligence can be used in every day life. Powerful compute performance and
software support.

[](boards/beaglebone/ai/index.html#bbai-home)

**PocketBeagleÂ®**

![_images/pocketbeagle.webp](_images/pocketbeagle.webp)

This ultra-tiny-yet-complete open-source USB-key-fob computer has the same
processor as the BeagleBoneÂ® Black at one third the size. Give small projects
the Linux computer they deserve. Hundreds of example projects to help you get
started.

[](boards/pocketbeagle/index.html#pocketbeagle-home)

**BeagleBoneÂ® Blue**

![_images/beaglebone-blue.webp](_images/beaglebone-blue.webp)

An all-in-one Linux-based robotics computer with compatibility to BeagleBoneÂ®
Black and tons of integration including Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, IMU/barometer, power
regulation, H-Bridges, motor connectors and more. Robotics made streamlined,
affordable and fun.

[](boards/beaglebone/blue/index.html#beaglebone-blue-home)

## Capes#

**BeagleBoneÂ® Servo Cape**

![_images/BeagleBoneServoCapeA2_Top_NEW-400x332.png](_images/BeagleBoneServoCapeA2_Top_NEW-400x332.png)

Control up to 16 servos for many remote control, robotics or automation
projects

**BeagleBoneÂ® Fan Cape**

![_images/fan-cape-400x299.png](_images/fan-cape-400x299.png)

Keeps BeagleBoneÂ® cool under heavy operating loads while still providing easy
access to the headers. Essential for BeagleBoneÂ® AI Projects

**BeagleBoneÂ® Robotics Cape**

![_images/BBB_RoboticsCape-400x368.png](_images/BBB_RoboticsCape-400x368.png)

Loaded with features needed for mobile robotics supporting movement, sensing,
power management and communication

**BeagleBoneÂ® Relay Cape**

![_images/BeagleBoneRelayCapeA2-400x274.png](_images/BeagleBoneRelayCapeA2-400x274.png)

Control things like lights, pumps and more in any home automation project
quickly with 4 relay switches

[](boards/capes/relay.html#bone-cape-relay)

**BeagleBoneÂ® Proto Cape**

![_images/BeagleBoneProtoCapeA2-e1622405187534.png](_images/BeagleBoneProtoCapeA2-e1622405187534.png)

Provides a blank slate including a grid of plated through-holes for external
components and supportive buttons and LEDs

**BeagleBoneÂ® Power Cape**

![_images/BeagleBonePowerCapeA2-400x285.png](_images/BeagleBonePowerCapeA2-400x285.png)

Provides a complete power interface with regulated 3.3V and 5V out as well as
up to 30V input voltage

**BeagleBoneÂ® Load Cape**

![_images/BeagleBoneLoadCapeA2-400x290.png](_images/BeagleBoneLoadCapeA2-400x290.png)

Drive high-current loads like relays, motors, solenoids, and high current LEDs

**BeagleBoneÂ® Motor Cape**

![_images/BeagleBoneMotorCapeA2-400x281.png](_images/BeagleBoneMotorCapeA2-400x281.png)

Drive up to 4 DC motors with direction and PWM control

**BeagleBoneÂ® Comms Cape**

![_images/BeagleBoneCommsCapeA2-400x279.png](_images/BeagleBoneCommsCapeA2-400x279.png)

Quickly develop industrial communication applications with an array of
protocols including RS485 and CAN

**BeagleBoneÂ® GamePup Cape**

![_images/PocketBeagle_GamePup-400x410.png](_images/PocketBeagle_GamePup-400x410.png)

For making a handheld arcade emulator, your own games or otherwise taking your
PocketBeagle on the go, PocketBeagleÂ® GamePup provides all the features you
need in a slick shape for gaming

**BeagleBoneÂ® Grove Kit**

![_images/pb-grove-kit-400x267.png](_images/pb-grove-kit-400x267.png)

A complete kit for developing projects with PocketBeagleÂ® and Grove modules.
Great for teaching embedded processing and Linux development. Comes complete
with PocketBeagleÂ® as well as Grove Cape and 10 modules to get started.

**BeagleBoneÂ® TechLab Cape**

![_images/PocketBeagle_TechLab-400x212.png](_images/PocketBeagle_TechLab-400x212.png)

Designed with years of educational lessons-learned in mind, PocketBeagleÂ®
TechLab Cape delivers easy introduction to programming, Linux and even hacking
the kernel itself. Supported by teaching materials from the Linux Foundation
and eALE.

## Projects#

A number of software projects, like
[simpPRU](projects/simppru/index.html#simppru-home) exist to help Beagle
developers. Some developers choose to host documentation for their
[Projects](projects/index.html#projects-home) here.

## Books#

This project hosts a collection of open-source [Books](books/index.html#books-
home) written to help Beagle developers.

  * Find a great introduction to BeagleBone at: [BeagleBone Cookbook](books/beaglebone-cookbook/index.html#bone-cook-book-home)

  * Learn one of the most amazing Beagle features at: [PRU Cookbook](books/pru-cookbook/index.html#pru-cookbook-home)

## Accessories#

This is a list of hardware accessories tested with BeagleBone hardware. The
list is growing with support of volunteers like you. Checkout the
[Accessories](accessories/index.html#accessories-home) page for more
information.

## Indices and tables#

  * [Glossary of Terms](glossary.html#glossary)

  * [Index](genindex.html)

[ next Introduction __](intro/index.html "next page")

